Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D's."
Announcer: YES, DUEL FANS,
THE TOURNAMENT OF TITANS
HAS ARRIVED.
THE WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX
IS FINALLY HERE.
SO LET THE GAMES BEGIN.
Lester: AT LAST, IT BEGINS.
AT LAST, OUR GRAND DESIGN
SHALL COME TO PASS,
SO LONG AS JAKOB WAS CORRECT
IN HIS CALCULATIONS.
I JUST WANTED TO
WISH YOU GOOD LUCK
AND TO SAY I'M SORRY
ABOUT YOUR ARM.
OH. WELL, THANKS,
AND GOOD LUCK
TO YOU GUYS, TOO.
THIS MATCH IS CERTAIN
TO BE A CLASSIC.
YEAH. THAT'S WHAT
WE'RE HERE FOR,
TO GIVE ALL THE FANS
OUT THERE A GOOD SHOW.
AND SO FAR,
THE SHOW'S GOING
ACCORDING TO SCRIPT.
HUH?
HERE WE GO, ANDRE.
THIS IS WHERE THE RUBBER
MEETS THE ROAD,
WHERE MY POWER DECK
MEETS YOURS
IN A FIGHT
TO THE FINISH.
MM-HMM.
NOW LET HIM HAVE IT,
ARCHFIEND.
ATTACK WITH
ABSOLUTE POWERFORCE.
I ACTIVATE
THE TRAP DIFFERENT
DIMENSION BARRIER
LOST FORCE.
NOW THE DAMAGE
YOUR ARCHFIEND
WAS ABOUT
TO INFLICT ON ME
IS DEFLECTED
BACK TO YOU.
AGH!
TEAM UNICORN'S BEEN PLAYING US
FROM THE START.
IT WASN'T JUST
SOME ACCIDENT
THAT THEY CHALLENGED US
TO A DUEL AT THAT PRACTICE.
WAIT. SO THEN
YOU'RE SAYING
WHEN BREO FELL
IN FRONT OF ME,
THAT WAS PLANNED
ON PURPOSE?
TEAM UNICORN WANTED US
TO THINK THAT ANDRE
WOULD BE DUELING FIRST
FOR THEM
AND BE USING A POWER DECK
IN THAT DUEL
BECAUSE IF WE THOUGHT THAT,
THEN WE WOULD
MOST LIKELY SELECT JACK
TO BE THE FIRST DUELIST
FOR OUR TEAM.
BECAUSE THEY HAD
A SPECIAL ANTI-POWER DECK
ALL READY TO GO.
I PLAY THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2.
NOW BY REMOVING
FOUR SPEED COUNTERS,
YOU TAKE 800 POINTS
OF DAMAGE
FOR EVERY SPEED SPELL CARD
THAT I POSSESS IN MY HAND.
AH!
IN OTHER WORDS,
YOU LOSE.
OH, NO!
AAH!
[GASPING]
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
AAH!
Announcer: OH, MY WORD.
JACK ATLAS'S DUEL RUNNER
HAS JUST BEEN DECIMATED.
LET'S HOPE HE'S OK.
JACK!
IF ONLY HE HAD TAKEN
THAT PIT STOP LIKE WE ASKED.
YUSEI?
UNH...
Yusei: JACK!
JACK, YOU OK?
STAY BACK.
HUH?
YOU KNOW
THE RULES, YUSEI.
IF YOU TOUCH
A TEAMMATE'S
DUEL RUNNER
DURING THE COURSE
OF THE MATCH,
THE TEAM'S
DISQUALIFIED.
SO JUST TURN AROUND
AND GET BACK TO
THE PIT BOOTH NOW!
BUT, JACK--
NO BUTS. GO!
Announcer: UNBELIEVABLE.
JACK ATLAS
IS ATTEMPTING TO RIGHT
HIS WRECKED RUNNER
ALL BY HIMSELF,
AND HE HAD BETTER HURRY
BECAUSE UNLESS HE CAN MAKE IT
TO THE LAP LINE IN TIME,
TEAM 5D's NEXT DUELIST WON'T BE
ABLE TO TAKE THE FIELD,
AND THAT MEANS GAME OVER.
CAN JACK ATLAS
PASS THE BATON TO AKIZA,
OR WILL SHE AND TEAM 5D's
BE FORCED
TO WATCH THE TOURNAMENT
ON THE TELEVISION?
HE'LL NEVER MAKE IT.
THIS DUEL IS ALL OURS.
OH, JACK. POOR GUY.
HE'S HURT.
HUH?
All: MOVE IT, TRUDGE.
WHATEVER YOU SAY.
HUH? SORRY, LADIES.
CAN'T LET YOU THROUGH HERE.
SECTOR SECURITY.
I'M COMING THROUGH.
FREEDOM
OF THE PRESS.
HUH?
UM, LET'S SEE HERE.
HERE.
FREE COFFEE COUPON.
ENJOY.
Announcer: AND AS JACK ATLAS
PAINSTAKINGLY PUSHES HIS DUEL
RUNNER TOWARDS THE LAP LINE,
ANDRE OF TEAM UNICORN
TEARS AROUND THE TRACK.
THIS'LL BE
A CLOSE ONE.
WHAT WILL?
ACCORDING TO
THE GRAND PRIX RULES,
FOR EVERY LAP
A TEAM FALLS BEHIND,
THE OPPOSING TEAM
GAINS A SPEED COUNTER.
TEAM UNICORN'S
SPEED COUNTERS
ARE ALREADY
AT THE MAXIMUM OF 12.
SO FOR EVERY LAP
THEY GAIN,
OUR SPEED COUNTERS
WILL DECREASE BY ONE.
BUT WE ONLY HAVE
FOUR COUNTERS.
WHAT HAPPENS IF WE
GO DOWN TO ZERO?
IF OUR SPEED COUNTER
TALLY DROPS DOWN
TO ZERO,
THEN WE'RE GOING
TO BE DISQUALIFIED.
SAY WHAT?
Jean: THIS COULDN'T HAVE
TURNED OUT BETTER FOR US.
NOT ONLY WILL
TEAM 5D's LOSE,
BUT IT WILL BE A SLOW
AND PAINFUL LOSS.
ANDRE JUST NEEDS TO COMPLETE
FOUR MORE LAPS,
AND WE'LL HAVE WON.
[PANTING]
JACK, YA GOTTA
HURRY UP.
COME ON.
DIG DEEP.
[GRUNTING]
[BEEP]
[THINKING]
JUST THREE MORE.
AKIZA,
TIME TO DUEL.
RIGHT.
JUST TWO MORE.
Yusei:
YOU NERVOUS?
HUH?
YEAH.
LOOK.
HUH?
MOM? DAD?
TURBO DUELING?
BUT, AKIZA, IT'S SO DANGEROUS.
I KNOW, BUT, MOM,
DUELING IS WHAT I LOVE.
IT'S MY DREAM, AND
IF I DON'T DO THIS,
I'LL REGRET IT FOR
THE REST OF MY LIFE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
HMM?
GO AND FOLLOW
YOUR DREAM, AKIZA.
FOLLOW YOUR DREAM AND MAKE ME
AND YOUR MOTHER PROUD.
HUH? THANK YOU.
I WILL.
GO MAKE YOUR PARENTS
PROUD, AKIZA.
THANKS. I'LL TRY.
OOH! THE TENSION.
TEAM UNICORN NEEDS
TO ONLY COMPLETE ONE MORE LAP
WHILE THE INJURED JACK ATLAS
NEEDS TO ONLY CRAWL
A FEW MORE FEET.
WHO WILL PREVAIL?
YOU'RE ALMOST
THERE, JACK.
YOU GOT IT, JACK.
JUST A LITTLE MORE.
UNH!
[GRUNTING]
YAAH!
Announcer: HE DID IT,
BUT HOW FAST CAN AKIZA KICK OFF?
WHOA! PRETTY FAST, I'LL SAY,
AND IT'S A GOOD THING BECAUSE
TO MAKE THE SWITCH OFFICIAL,
AKIZA MUST REACH THE CORNER TURN
QUICKER THAN ANDRE.
OTHERWISE, ALL WILL BE LOST.
♪♪
Announcer:
THIS IS GONNA BE CLOSE.
UNLESS AKIZA CAN MAKE IT
TO THE CORNER TURN BEFORE ANDRE,
JACK WILL STILL BE CONSIDERED
TEAM 5D's DUELIST,
AND THAT MEANS THEY'LL LOSE.
Announcer: SHE DID IT!
TEAM 5D's IS STILL
IN THIS MATCH.
NOW THE QUESTION IS,
CAN AKIZA CONTEND
WITH TEAM UNICORN'S ANDRE
AND EVEN UP THE SCORE?
I KNEW YOU
COULD DO IT, AKIZA.
YUSEI, LOOK AFTER HER.
WHOA, JACK. QUICK.
HE NEEDS HELP.
I'M ON IT.
NO. WE'RE ON IT.
OUTTA THE WAY.
YEAH, MOVE IT, BOZO.
HE MAY NEED
MOUTH-TO-MOUTH.
GREAT.
[THINKING]
AKIZA MAY'VE OUTACCELED
ME ON THIS FIRST TURN,
BUT SHE WON'T BE
ABLE TO OUTDUEL ME.
SHE'S GOING DOWN
JUST LIKE JACK DID.
MY TURN...
AND FIRST, I'LL SUMMON
TO THE FIELD PHOENIXIAN SEED.
BUT FOR THIS SEED
TO SPROUT,
I MUST NOW SEND IT
TO THE GRAVE
BECAUSE THEN
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
PHOENIXIAN CLUSTER
AMARYLLIS FROM MY HAND.
Computer:
PHOENIXIAN CLUSTER AMARYLLIS
IS A LEVEL 8 PLANT-TYPE MONSTER
WITH 2200 ATTACK POINTS
AND 0 DEFENSE POINTS.
NOW, PHOENIXIAN AMARYLLIS,
LET'S SHOW
THAT UNICORN KNIGHT
SOME REAL FLOWER POWER.
AND NOW PHOENIXIAN
CLUSTER AMARYLLIS'
SPECIAL ABILITY ACTIVATES.
YOU SEE,
WHENEVER SHE ATTACKS,
SHE'S DESTROYED,
AND WHENEVER
SHE DESTROYS
AN 800-POINT CHUNK
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS, TOO.
OH!
NOT BAD.
SHE'S GOT SKILLS.
NEXT, I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN,
BUT THAT DOESN'T
END THINGS FOR AMARYLLIS
BECAUSE NOW, BY REMOVING
ONE PLANT-TYPE MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD FROM PLAY,
SHE'S RESURRECTED
BACK TO THE FIELD.
WELCOME BACK,
PHOENIXIAN CLUSTER.
OH, AMAZING!
ALL RIGHT!
GO, AKIZA.
YEAH. SHE SURE
SHOWED HIM.
WELL, WELL, WELL.
SHE STARTED OFF QUICK.
SHE HAD TO.
ANDRE HAS 12
SPEED COUNTERS,
AND THAT MEANS
HE CAN USE ANY AND
ALL SPEED SPELLS.
THAT GIVES HIM
A HUGE ADVANTAGE.
YOU'LL SEE.
ONCE ANDRE
TAKES HIS TURN,
HE'LL ALSO TAKE
CONTROL OF THIS DUEL,
AND AKIZA WON'T
STAND A CHANCE.
ANYBODY CAN START OFF
A DUEL STRONGLY.
IT'S HOW YOU FINISH THAT
REALLY MATTERS, THOUGH.
YOU'VE GOT
A POINT, JEAN,
ESPECIALLY SINCE
ANDRE STILL HAS
THAT END OF THE STORM
SPEED SPELL CARD.
IT'S LIKE YOU SAID,
SINCE HE HAS
12 SPEED COUNTERS,
HE'S FREE TO USE IT,
WHICH MEANS HE'S FREE
TO DESTROY ALL MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
AND DELIVER
300 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EACH OF THOSE MONSTERS
TO WHOEVER OWNS THEM.
RIGHT NOW, ANDRE
HAS NO MONSTERS OUT.
SO AKIZA WOULD BE
THE ONLY ONE AFFECTED.
[THINKING]
IF PHOENIXIAN CLUSTER
AMARYLLIS' ABILITY
IS ACTIVATED AGAIN,
IT WILL DEAL ME 800
POINTS OF DAMAGE.
THAT'LL LEAVE ME WITH
700 LIFE POINTS LEFT.
HOWEVER, ONCE AKIZA
HAS FOUR SPEED COUNTERS,
SHE'LL BE ABLE
TO USE THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2
AND TAKE OUT
MY REMAINING 700.
SO, CLEARLY, WHAT
AKIZA IS HOPING FOR
IS THAT I'LL DESTROY
HER PHOENIXIAN
CLUSTER AMARYLLIS.
[THINKING]
WHAT I'M HOPING FOR
IS THAT ANDRE
DESTROYS PHOENIXIAN
CLUSTER AMARYLLIS
EITHER WITH A MONSTER OR WITH
THE END OF THE STORM CARD.
[THINKING]
WHAT TO DO? WHAT TO DO?
WELL, NOT WHAT AKIZA WANTS ME
TO DO, THAT'S FOR SURE.
MY TURN.
[BEEP]
[THINKING]
THIS'LL COME IN HANDY.
I'M ACTIVATING
THE SPEED SPELL
KNOWN AS DASH PILFER.
WITH THIS, SINCE
I HAVE AT LEAST
FOUR SPEED COUNTERS,
I'M ALLOWED
TO TAKE CONTROL
OF A MONSTER OF YOURS
THAT'S IN DEFENSE MODE.
HUH? HUH?
NEXT, I SUMMON UNIBIRD.
[SCREECHES]
AND NOW I'LL PLAY
HIS ABILITY.
SEE, BY REMOVING
UNIBIRD FROM PLAY
AND A MONSTER ON
MY FIELD FROM PLAY,
I CAN SUMMON A SYNCHRO
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AS LONG AS ITS LEVEL
ISN'T HIGHER THAN THE
MONSTER I JUST REMOVED.
[THINKING]
OH, NO.
NOT ONLY DID HE NOT USE
END OF THE STORM,
BUT HE TOOK CONTROL
OF MY MONSTER
AND TOOK IT OUT OF PLAY.
NOW I HAVE NO WAY
TO DEAL HIM ANY DAMAGE.
INTRODUCING THE SYNCHRO
I'M SUMMONING BACK--
THUNDER UNICORN.
[WHINNIES]
NOW, MY PET,
ATTACK AKIZA DIRECTLY.
SUPER CHARGER BOLT.
AAH!
♪♪
THUNDER UNICORN, GO.
ATTACK WITH
SUPER CHARGER BOLT.
AAH!
OH...
RRGH.
AND NOW I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
ALL RIGHT!
ANDRE TOOK AKIZA'S
AMARYLLIS OUT OF PLAY
WITHOUT ACTIVATING ITS ABILITY
AND SUMMONED A MONSTER.
OF COURSE,
ANDRE COULD'VE WON
THE MATCH THIS TURN
IF HE'D
USED THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2.
UH, YEAH.
WITH DASH PILFER
AND THE END OF THE STORM,
HE HAD TWO SPEED SPELLS.
WITH SPEED WORLD 2's
EFFECT,
FOR EVERY FOUR
SPEED COUNTERS HE REMOVED,
HE WOULD'VE DEALT 800 POINTS
OF DAMAGE PER SPEED SPELL.
IN OTHER WORDS, HE COULD HAVE
DEALT 1600 POINTS OF DAMAGE
THREE TIMES OVER.
RIGHT, BUT HAD
ANDRE DONE THAT,
HE WOULD'VE THEN HAD
TO FACE YUSEI FUDO
WITHOUT ANY
SPEED COUNTERS.
SO THAT'S WHY HE HELD BACK,
TO BE READY FOR YUSEI.
AKIZA STARTED
WITH A BANG,
BUT NOW SHE'S GETTIN'
ALL BANGED UP.
TELL US IT'S NOT
HOPELESS, YUSEI.
IT'S NOT.
AKIZA AND I HATCHED A SECRET
PLAN BEFORE SHE WENT OUT.
WHADAYA MEAN,
SECRET PLAN?
JUST WATCH THE DUEL, CROW.
[THINKING] COME ON, AKIZA.
JUST WAIT FOR THE RIGHT MOMENT.
[THINKING]
ANDRE HAS EVERY ADVANTAGE
RIGHT NOW EXCEPT FOR ONE,
AND IT'S ONE
HE'LL NEVER SEE COMING.
I MEAN, I SURE DIDN'T.
I'M OFF.
HERE.
HUH?
GO ON.
TAKE IT, AKIZA.
BUT, YUSEI,
ARE YOU SURE?
I KNOW IT'S NOT THE MOST
OBVIOUS DUEL STRATEGY,
BUT THAT'S WHAT
MAKES IT PERFECT.
NOW GET OUT THERE
AND WIN THIS DUEL
LIKE I KNOW YOU CAN.
[THINKING]
YUSEI MAY THINK
I CAN WIN THIS DUEL,
BUT I'M PRETTY SURE
THAT HE'S THE ONLY ONE
WHO DOES RIGHT NOW.
OH, WELL. GUESS THAT MEANS
I'VE GOT NOTHING TO LOSE,
AND WHEN YOU'VE GOT
NOTHING TO LOSE,
YOU'VE GOT EVERYTHING
TO GAIN.
IT'S MY DRAW!
[BEEP]
ALL RIGHT. THIS'LL WORK.
FROM MY HAND, I SUMMON
WITCH OF THE BLACK FOREST...
AND THIS WITCH IS BREWING UP
SOMETHING SPECIAL
BECAUSE NOW THAT
SHE'S SUMMONED,
I CAN DRAW ANOTHER CARD
FROM MY DECK,
AND IT LOOKS LIKE THE CARD
I DREW IS ROSE FAIRY.
AND SINCE THIS CARD
WAS ADDED TO MY HAND
BY WAY OF A MONSTER'S SPECIAL
ABILITY, I CAN NOW SUMMON IT.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
THE SPEED SPELL ANGEL BATON...
AND SINCE I HAVE FOUR
SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN NOW DRAW
TWO CARDS FROM MY DECK
AS LONG AS I
THEN DISCARD ONE,
AND THE CARD THAT I'M
BANISHING TO MY GRAVEYARD
IS GLOW-UP BULB.
NOW, LEVEL 4 WITCH
OF THE BLACK FOREST,
TUNE WITH LEVEL 3
ROSE FAIRY.
LET THE SPIRIT
OF THE EARTH INTERTWINE
WITH THE ESSENCE OF THE SKY.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE BLACK ROSE DRAGON.
[ROARING]
SO IT'S HERE, AKIZA'S
MOST ULTIMATE MONSTER.
THIS SHOULD
BE INTERESTING.
BUT I'M NOT DONE YET.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
MY TRAP CARD STAR SIPHON.
THANKS TO THIS CARD,
WHEN A SYNCHRO MONSTER
IS SUMMONED TO THE FIELD,
I GET TO SUMMON
A STAR SIPHON TOKEN,
AND THEN I'M ALLOWED
TO SWAP LEVELS WITH IT.
NEXT, BY SENDING THE TOP CARD
ON MY DECK TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I'M ALLOWED TO GROW BACK
THIS OLD FRIEND--GLOW-UP BULB.
GO, LEVEL 1
GLOW-UP BULB.
TUNE WITH LEVEL 7
STAR SIPHON TOKEN.
NOW OUT OF TWO
WILL COME ONE,
AND OUT OF ONE WILL COME
GREAT COSMIC MIGHT.
NO WAY!
IS IT?
IT CAN'T BE.
THIS ONE'S
FOR YOU, YUSEI.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE STARDUST DRAGON.
IMPOSSIBLE.
STARDUST DRAGON?
HMM, THAT'S RIGHT.
I'LL BET YOU DIDN'T
SEE THAT COMING,
BUT BEFORE
I GET TO HIM, HERE.
FEEL THE WRATH
OF BLACK ROSE DRAGON.
[ROARING]
UNGH! UGH!
OH, NO.
IF THIS NEXT ATTACK
GETS THROUGH--
THEN YOU'D BETTER
START SUITING UP.
I'LL SAY.
ALL RIGHT!
YEAH!
GO, AKIZA!
NOW TO END THIS.
STARDUST DRAGON, ATTACK!
HUH?
YOU CAN'T ATTACK.
THE BATTLE PHASE
IS ALREADY OVER
BECAUSE
I PLAYED THIS--
THE TRAP DIMENSION
EQUILIBRIUM.
HUH?
WITH THIS CARD,
WHEN A MONSTER IS
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
BY REMOVING THE MONSTER
THAT DID THE INITIAL
ATTACKING FROM PLAY,
I CAN RESURRECT
THE MONSTER THAT
WAS DESTROYED.
NOW THEN, GO RIGHT AHEAD
AND END YOUR TURN.
VERY WELL.
YOU'VE BOUGHT SOME TIME.
I'LL PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN TO END THE ROUND.
OH, AKIZA'S
NOT DONE YET.
OH, THAT WAS
A CLOSE ONE.
Jean, thinking: YUSEI FUDO,
EVEN WHEN YOU'RE NOT
ON THE FIELD DUELING,
YOU'RE STILL A THREAT.
FINE, THEN.
OH.
[THINKING] JEAN WANTS ME TO QUIT
HOLDING BACK AND END THE DUEL.
GUESS HE WANTS TO FACE YUSEI
HERE AND NOW,
AND I DON'T BLAME HIM.
AT LEAST IF WE GET HIM
ON THE FIELD,
WE CAN TAKE HIM ON DIRECTLY,
AND NOT JUST HIS MONSTERS.
MY TURN.
[BEEP]
I ACTIVATE THE SPEED
SPELL SPEED ENERGY.
WITH THIS CARD,
I MULTIPLY THE NUMBER
OF SPEED COUNTERS
I HAVE BY 200
AND THEN AM ALLOWED
TO ADD THAT TOTAL
TO THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ONE OF MY MONSTERS.
I HAVE 12
SPEED COUNTERS,
SO THAT'S
2400 ATTACK POINTS
FOR THUNDER UNICORN.
[WHINNIES]
4600? THIS MAY BE IT.
♪♪
NOW GO,
THUNDER UNICORN.
ATTACK WITH SUPER
CHARGER BOLT.
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
HALF COUNTER.
THANKS TO HALF COUNTER,
HALF OF THUNDER UNICORN'S
ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS
ARE NOW ADDED
TO STARDUST DRAGON.
AAH!
AKIZA!
SHE'S ONLY GOT 800
LIFE POINTS LEFT.
YEAH, AND ANDRE HAS
12 SPEED COUNTERS
AND PLENTY OF SPEED
SPELLS, TOO.
[THINKING] AKIZA.
THIS BATTLE IS OVER.
[THINKING]
IF I'M GOING DOWN,
IT'S NOT GOING
TO BE FOR NOTHING.
I ACTIVATE THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2.
NOW BY REMOVING
FOUR SPEED COUNTERS,
FOR EVERY SPEED SPELL
IN MY HAND,
YOU TAKE 800 POINTS
OF DAMAGE,
AND THAT'S JUST ENOUGH
TO FINISH YOU OFF, SO--
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
WICKED REBIRTH.
WHAT?
NOW BY PAYING
800 LIFE POINTS,
I CAN REVIVE
A SYNCHRO MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
SO LONG AS ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY IS NEGATED.
HUH?
OH...
RETURN TO THE FIELD,
STARDUST DRAGON!
[ROARING]
Announcer: ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!
AKIZA TOOK HERSELF OUT,
BUT NOT BEFORE BRINGING OUT
STARDUST DRAGON.
Andre, thinking:
CLEVER GIRL.
SHE TRICKED ME INTO
USING MY SPEED COUNTERS
AND SET THE STAGE
FOR YUSEI
WITH THAT STARDUST
DRAGON AT THE SAME TIME.
TALK ABOUT TAKING
ONE FOR THE TEAM.
I'M SORRY, YUSEI.
I TRIED MY VERY BEST,
BUT I FAILED YOU.
I FAILED YOU ALL.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
YEAH.
LEO'S RIGHT.
HOW COULD YOU
HAVE FAILED?
WE HAVEN'T LOST
ANYTHING YET.
AND THANKS TO
YOUR SACRIFICE, AKIZA,
WE'RE NOT GONNA BE
LOSING, EITHER.
[SOBBING]
AKIZA?
HEY...
HUH?
IT'S FINE.
SEE FOR YOURSELF.
WAY TO GO! HA HA!
AKIZA!
HA HA! OH, WOW!
YOU DID GREAT, AKIZA!
WELL DONE!
YES!
WAY TO GO, AKIZA!
[THINKING]
WOW, THEY STILL LIKE ME.
THANKS, MOM. THANKS, DAD.
THANKS, EVERYONE.
[SOBBING]
AAH! AND NOW, ON WITH THE DUEL!
AND WHAT A DUEL THIS HAS BECOME.
ANDRE HAS TAKEN DOWN TEAM 5D's
FIRST TWO DUELISTS,
LEAVING JUST YUSEI FUDO.
SO TO WIN THIS MATCH,
YUSEI DOESN'T JUST NEED
TO TAKE DOWN ANDRE,
BUT HE'LL NEED TO TAKE DOWN
ANDRE'S TWO TEAMMATES, AS WELL.
CAN HE DO IT?
WE'RE ABOUT TO FIND OUT.